# AwsK8sServicesEc2V1alpha1FlowLogSpec

FlowLogSpec defines the desired state of FlowLog.   Describes a flow log.
## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**deliver_logs_permission_arn** | **str** | The ARN for the IAM role that permits Amazon EC2 to publish flow logs to a CloudWatch Logs log group in your account.   If you specify LogDestinationType as s3, do not specify DeliverLogsPermissionArn or LogGroupName. | [optional] 
**destination_options** | [**AwsK8sServicesEc2V1alpha1FlowLogSpecDestinationOptions**](AwsK8sServicesEc2V1alpha1FlowLogSpecDestinationOptions.md) |  | [optional] 
**log_destination** | **str** | The destination to which the flow log data is to be published. Flow log data can be published to a CloudWatch Logs log group or an Amazon S3 bucket. The value specified for this parameter depends on the value specified for LogDestinationType.   If LogDestinationType is not specified or cloud-watch-logs, specify the Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the CloudWatch Logs log group. For example, to publish to a log group called my-logs, specify arn:aws:logs:us-east-1:123456789012:log-group:my-logs. Alternatively, use LogGroupName instead.   If LogDestinationType is s3, specify the ARN of the Amazon S3 bucket. You can also specify a subfolder in the bucket. To specify a subfolder in the bucket, use the following ARN format: bucket_ARN/subfolder_name/. For example, to specify a subfolder named my-logs in a bucket named my-bucket, use the following ARN: arn:aws:s3:::my-bucket/my-logs/. You cannot use AWSLogs as a subfolder name. This is a reserved term. | [optional] 
**log_destination_type** | **str** | The type of destination to which the flow log data is to be published. Flow log data can be published to CloudWatch Logs or Amazon S3. To publish flow log data to CloudWatch Logs, specify cloud-watch-logs. To publish flow log data to Amazon S3, specify s3.   If you specify LogDestinationType as s3, do not specify DeliverLogsPermissionArn or LogGroupName.   Default: cloud-watch-logs | [optional] 
**log_format** | **str** | The fields to include in the flow log record, in the order in which they should appear. For a list of available fields, see Flow log records (https://docs.aws.amazon.com/vpc/latest/userguide/flow-logs.html#flow-log-records). If you omit this parameter, the flow log is created using the default format. If you specify this parameter, you must specify at least one field.   Specify the fields using the ${field-id} format, separated by spaces. For the CLI, surround this parameter value with single quotes on Linux or double quotes on Windows. | [optional] 
**log_group_name** | **str** | The name of a new or existing CloudWatch Logs log group where Amazon EC2 publishes your flow logs.   If you specify LogDestinationType as s3, do not specify DeliverLogsPermissionArn or LogGroupName. | [optional] 
**max_aggregation_interval** | **int** | The maximum interval of time during which a flow of packets is captured and aggregated into a flow log record. You can specify 60 seconds (1 minute) or 600 seconds (10 minutes).   When a network interface is attached to a Nitro-based instance (https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSEC2/latest/UserGuide/instance-types.html#ec2-nitro-instances), the aggregation interval is always 60 seconds or less, regardless of the value that you specify.   Default: 600 | [optional] 
**resource_id** | **str** |  | 
**resource_type** | **str** | The type of resource for which to create the flow log. For example, if you specified a VPC ID for the ResourceId property, specify VPC for this property. | 
**tags** | [**list[AwsK8sServicesEc2V1alpha1DHCPOptionsSpecTags]**](AwsK8sServicesEc2V1alpha1DHCPOptionsSpecTags.md) | The tags. The value parameter is required, but if you don&#39;t want the tag to have a value, specify the parameter with no value, and we set the value to an empty string. | [optional] 
**traffic_type** | **str** | The type of traffic to log. You can log traffic that the resource accepts or rejects, or all traffic. | [optional] 

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


