# AwsK8sServicesEc2V1alpha1VPCEndpointSpec

VpcEndpointSpec defines the desired state of VpcEndpoint.   Describes a VPC endpoint.
## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**dns_options** | [**AwsK8sServicesEc2V1alpha1VPCEndpointSpecDnsOptions**](AwsK8sServicesEc2V1alpha1VPCEndpointSpecDnsOptions.md) |  | [optional] 
**ip_address_type** | **str** | The IP address type for the endpoint. | [optional] 
**policy_document** | **str** | (Interface and gateway endpoints) A policy to attach to the endpoint that controls access to the service. The policy must be in valid JSON format. If this parameter is not specified, we attach a default policy that allows full access to the service. | [optional] 
**private_dns_enabled** | **bool** | (Interface endpoint) Indicates whether to associate a private hosted zone with the specified VPC. The private hosted zone contains a record set for the default public DNS name for the service for the Region (for example, kinesis.us-east-1.amazonaws.com), which resolves to the private IP addresses of the endpoint network interfaces in the VPC. This enables you to make requests to the default public DNS name for the service instead of the public DNS names that are automatically generated by the VPC endpoint service.   To use a private hosted zone, you must set the following VPC attributes to true: enableDnsHostnames and enableDnsSupport. Use ModifyVpcAttribute to set the VPC attributes.   Default: true | [optional] 
**route_table_i_ds** | **list[str]** | (Gateway endpoint) One or more route table IDs. | [optional] 
**route_table_refs** | [**list[AwsK8sServicesEc2V1alpha1DHCPOptionsSpecVpcRefs]**](AwsK8sServicesEc2V1alpha1DHCPOptionsSpecVpcRefs.md) |  | [optional] 
**security_group_i_ds** | **list[str]** | (Interface endpoint) The ID of one or more security groups to associate with the endpoint network interface. | [optional] 
**security_group_refs** | [**list[AwsK8sServicesEc2V1alpha1DHCPOptionsSpecVpcRefs]**](AwsK8sServicesEc2V1alpha1DHCPOptionsSpecVpcRefs.md) |  | [optional] 
**service_name** | **str** | The service name. To get a list of available services, use the DescribeVpcEndpointServices request, or get the name from the service provider. | 
**subnet_i_ds** | **list[str]** | (Interface and Gateway Load Balancer endpoints) The ID of one or more subnets in which to create an endpoint network interface. For a Gateway Load Balancer endpoint, you can specify one subnet only. | [optional] 
**subnet_refs** | [**list[AwsK8sServicesEc2V1alpha1DHCPOptionsSpecVpcRefs]**](AwsK8sServicesEc2V1alpha1DHCPOptionsSpecVpcRefs.md) |  | [optional] 
**tags** | [**list[AwsK8sServicesEc2V1alpha1DHCPOptionsSpecTags]**](AwsK8sServicesEc2V1alpha1DHCPOptionsSpecTags.md) | The tags. The value parameter is required, but if you don&#39;t want the tag to have a value, specify the parameter with no value, and we set the value to an empty string. | [optional] 
**vpc_endpoint_type** | **str** | The type of endpoint.   Default: Gateway | [optional] 
**vpc_id** | **str** | The ID of the VPC in which the endpoint will be used. | [optional] 
**vpc_ref** | [**AwsK8sServicesEc2V1alpha1DHCPOptionsSpecVpcRefs**](AwsK8sServicesEc2V1alpha1DHCPOptionsSpecVpcRefs.md) |  | [optional] 

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


