# ComCoreosMonitoringV1PrometheusSpec

Specification of the desired behavior of the Prometheus cluster. More info: https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#spec-and-status
## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**additional_alert_manager_configs** | [**ComCoreosMonitoringV1PrometheusSpecAdditionalAlertManagerConfigs**](ComCoreosMonitoringV1PrometheusSpecAdditionalAlertManagerConfigs.md) |  | [optional] 
**additional_alert_relabel_configs** | [**ComCoreosMonitoringV1PrometheusSpecAdditionalAlertRelabelConfigs**](ComCoreosMonitoringV1PrometheusSpecAdditionalAlertRelabelConfigs.md) |  | [optional] 
**additional_scrape_configs** | [**ComCoreosMonitoringV1PrometheusSpecAdditionalScrapeConfigs**](ComCoreosMonitoringV1PrometheusSpecAdditionalScrapeConfigs.md) |  | [optional] 
**affinity** | [**ComCoreosMonitoringV1AlertmanagerSpecAffinity**](ComCoreosMonitoringV1AlertmanagerSpecAffinity.md) |  | [optional] 
**alerting** | [**ComCoreosMonitoringV1PrometheusSpecAlerting**](ComCoreosMonitoringV1PrometheusSpecAlerting.md) |  | [optional] 
**allow_overlapping_blocks** | **bool** | AllowOverlappingBlocks enables vertical compaction and vertical query merge in Prometheus. This is still experimental in Prometheus so it may change in any upcoming release. | [optional] 
**apiserver_config** | [**ComCoreosMonitoringV1PrometheusSpecApiserverConfig**](ComCoreosMonitoringV1PrometheusSpecApiserverConfig.md) |  | [optional] 
**arbitrary_fs_access_through_s_ms** | [**ComCoreosMonitoringV1PrometheusSpecArbitraryFSAccessThroughSMs**](ComCoreosMonitoringV1PrometheusSpecArbitraryFSAccessThroughSMs.md) |  | [optional] 
**base_image** | **str** | Base image to use for a Prometheus deployment. Deprecated: use &#39;image&#39; instead | [optional] 
**config_maps** | **list[str]** | ConfigMaps is a list of ConfigMaps in the same namespace as the Prometheus object, which shall be mounted into the Prometheus Pods. The ConfigMaps are mounted into /etc/prometheus/configmaps/&lt;configmap-name&gt;. | [optional] 
**containers** | [**list[ComCoreosMonitoringV1AlertmanagerSpecContainers]**](ComCoreosMonitoringV1AlertmanagerSpecContainers.md) | Containers allows injecting additional containers or modifying operator generated containers. This can be used to allow adding an authentication proxy to a Prometheus pod or to change the behavior of an operator generated container. Containers described here modify an operator generated container if they share the same name and modifications are done via a strategic merge patch. The current container names are: &#x60;prometheus&#x60;, &#x60;config-reloader&#x60;, and &#x60;thanos-sidecar&#x60;. Overriding containers is entirely outside the scope of what the maintainers will support and by doing so, you accept that this behaviour may break at any time without notice. | [optional] 
**disable_compaction** | **bool** | Disable prometheus compaction. | [optional] 
**enable_admin_api** | **bool** | Enable access to prometheus web admin API. Defaults to the value of &#x60;false&#x60;. WARNING: Enabling the admin APIs enables mutating endpoints, to delete data, shutdown Prometheus, and more. Enabling this should be done with care and the user is advised to add additional authentication authorization via a proxy to ensure only kubernetes.clients authorized to perform these actions can do so. For more information see https://prometheus.io/docs/prometheus/latest/querying/api/#tsdb-admin-apis | [optional] 
**enable_features** | **list[str]** | Enable access to Prometheus disabled features. By default, no features are enabled. Enabling disabled features is entirely outside the scope of what the maintainers will support and by doing so, you accept that this behaviour may break at any time without notice. For more information see https://prometheus.io/docs/prometheus/latest/disabled_features/ | [optional] 
**enforced_label_limit** | **int** | Per-scrape limit on number of labels that will be accepted for a sample. If more than this number of labels are present post metric-relabeling, the entire scrape will be treated as failed. 0 means no limit. Only valid in Prometheus versions 2.27.0 and newer. | [optional] 
**enforced_label_name_length_limit** | **int** | Per-scrape limit on length of labels name that will be accepted for a sample. If a label name is longer than this number post metric-relabeling, the entire scrape will be treated as failed. 0 means no limit. Only valid in Prometheus versions 2.27.0 and newer. | [optional] 
**enforced_label_value_length_limit** | **int** | Per-scrape limit on length of labels value that will be accepted for a sample. If a label value is longer than this number post metric-relabeling, the entire scrape will be treated as failed. 0 means no limit. Only valid in Prometheus versions 2.27.0 and newer. | [optional] 
**enforced_namespace_label** | **str** | EnforcedNamespaceLabel If set, a label will be added to   1. all user-metrics (created by &#x60;ServiceMonitor&#x60;, &#x60;PodMonitor&#x60; and &#x60;ProbeConfig&#x60; object) and 2. in all &#x60;PrometheusRule&#x60; objects (except the ones excluded in &#x60;prometheusRulesExcludedFromEnforce&#x60;) to    * alerting &amp; recording rules and    * the metrics used in their expressions (&#x60;expr&#x60;).   Label name is this field&#39;s value. Label value is the namespace of the created object (mentioned above). | [optional] 
**enforced_sample_limit** | **int** | EnforcedSampleLimit defines global limit on number of scraped samples that will be accepted. This overrides any SampleLimit set per ServiceMonitor or/and PodMonitor. It is meant to be used by admins to enforce the SampleLimit to keep overall number of samples/series under the desired limit. Note that if SampleLimit is lower that value will be taken instead. | [optional] 
**enforced_target_limit** | **int** | EnforcedTargetLimit defines a global limit on the number of scraped targets.  This overrides any TargetLimit set per ServiceMonitor or/and PodMonitor.  It is meant to be used by admins to enforce the TargetLimit to keep the overall number of targets under the desired limit. Note that if TargetLimit is lower, that value will be taken instead, except if either value is zero, in which case the non-zero value will be used.  If both values are zero, no limit is enforced. | [optional] 
**evaluation_interval** | **str** | Interval between consecutive evaluations. Default: &#x60;1m&#x60; | [optional] 
**external_labels** | **dict(str, str)** | The labels to add to any time series or alerts when communicating with external systems (federation, remote storage, Alertmanager). | [optional] 
**external_url** | **str** | The external URL the Prometheus instances will be available under. This is necessary to generate correct URLs. This is necessary if Prometheus is not served from root of a DNS name. | [optional] 
**ignore_namespace_selectors** | **bool** | IgnoreNamespaceSelectors if set to true will ignore NamespaceSelector settings from the podmonitor and servicemonitor configs, and they will only discover endpoints within their current namespace.  Defaults to false. | [optional] 
**image** | **str** | Image if specified has precedence over baseImage, tag and sha combinations. Specifying the version is still necessary to ensure the Prometheus Operator knows what version of Prometheus is being configured. | [optional] 
**image_pull_secrets** | [**list[ComCoreosMonitoringV1AlertmanagerSpecImagePullSecrets]**](ComCoreosMonitoringV1AlertmanagerSpecImagePullSecrets.md) | An optional list of references to secrets in the same namespace to use for pulling prometheus and alertmanager images from registries see http://kubernetes.io/docs/user-guide/images#specifying-imagepullsecrets-on-a-pod | [optional] 
**init_containers** | [**list[ComCoreosMonitoringV1AlertmanagerSpecContainers]**](ComCoreosMonitoringV1AlertmanagerSpecContainers.md) | InitContainers allows adding initContainers to the pod definition. Those can be used to e.g. fetch secrets for injection into the Prometheus configuration from external sources. Any errors during the execution of an initContainer will lead to a restart of the Pod. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/workloads/pods/init-containers/ InitContainers described here modify an operator generated init containers if they share the same name and modifications are done via a strategic merge patch. The current init container name is: &#x60;init-config-reloader&#x60;. Overriding init containers is entirely outside the scope of what the maintainers will support and by doing so, you accept that this behaviour may break at any time without notice. | [optional] 
**listen_local** | **bool** | ListenLocal makes the Prometheus server listen on loopback, so that it does not bind against the Pod IP. | [optional] 
**log_format** | **str** | Log format for Prometheus to be configured with. | [optional] 
**log_level** | **str** | Log level for Prometheus to be configured with. | [optional] 
**node_selector** | **dict(str, str)** | Define which Nodes the Pods are scheduled on. | [optional] 
**override_honor_labels** | **bool** | OverrideHonorLabels if set to true overrides all user configured honor_labels. If HonorLabels is set in ServiceMonitor or PodMonitor to true, this overrides honor_labels to false. | [optional] 
**override_honor_timestamps** | **bool** | OverrideHonorTimestamps allows to globally enforce honoring timestamps in all scrape configs. | [optional] 
**paused** | **bool** | When a Prometheus deployment is paused, no actions except for deletion will be performed on the underlying objects. | [optional] 
**pod_metadata** | [**ComCoreosMonitoringV1PrometheusSpecPodMetadata**](ComCoreosMonitoringV1PrometheusSpecPodMetadata.md) |  | [optional] 
**pod_monitor_namespace_selector** | [**ComCoreosMonitoringV1PrometheusSpecPodMonitorNamespaceSelector**](ComCoreosMonitoringV1PrometheusSpecPodMonitorNamespaceSelector.md) |  | [optional] 
**pod_monitor_selector** | [**ComCoreosMonitoringV1PrometheusSpecPodMonitorSelector**](ComCoreosMonitoringV1PrometheusSpecPodMonitorSelector.md) |  | [optional] 
**port_name** | **str** | Port name used for the pods and governing service. This defaults to web | [optional] 
**priority_class_name** | **str** | Priority class assigned to the Pods | [optional] 
**probe_namespace_selector** | [**ComCoreosMonitoringV1PrometheusSpecProbeNamespaceSelector**](ComCoreosMonitoringV1PrometheusSpecProbeNamespaceSelector.md) |  | [optional] 
**probe_selector** | [**ComCoreosMonitoringV1PrometheusSpecProbeSelector**](ComCoreosMonitoringV1PrometheusSpecProbeSelector.md) |  | [optional] 
**prometheus_external_label_name** | **str** | Name of Prometheus external label used to denote Prometheus instance name. Defaults to the value of &#x60;prometheus&#x60;. External label will _not_ be added when value is set to empty string (&#x60;\&quot;\&quot;&#x60;). | [optional] 
**prometheus_rules_excluded_from_enforce** | [**list[ComCoreosMonitoringV1PrometheusSpecPrometheusRulesExcludedFromEnforce]**](ComCoreosMonitoringV1PrometheusSpecPrometheusRulesExcludedFromEnforce.md) | PrometheusRulesExcludedFromEnforce - list of prometheus rules to be excluded from enforcing of adding namespace labels. Works only if enforcedNamespaceLabel set to true. Make sure both ruleNamespace and ruleName are set for each pair | [optional] 
**query** | [**ComCoreosMonitoringV1PrometheusSpecQuery**](ComCoreosMonitoringV1PrometheusSpecQuery.md) |  | [optional] 
**query_log_file** | **str** | QueryLogFile specifies the file to which PromQL queries are logged. Note that this location must be writable, and can be persisted using an attached volume. Alternatively, the location can be set to a stdout location such as &#x60;/dev/stdout&#x60; to log querie information to the default Prometheus log stream. This is only available in versions of Prometheus &gt;&#x3D; 2.16.0. For more details, see the Prometheus docs (https://prometheus.io/docs/guides/query-log/) | [optional] 
**remote_read** | [**list[ComCoreosMonitoringV1PrometheusSpecRemoteRead]**](ComCoreosMonitoringV1PrometheusSpecRemoteRead.md) | If specified, the remote_read spec. This is an experimental feature, it may change in any upcoming release in a breaking way. | [optional] 
**remote_write** | [**list[ComCoreosMonitoringV1PrometheusSpecRemoteWrite]**](ComCoreosMonitoringV1PrometheusSpecRemoteWrite.md) | If specified, the remote_write spec. This is an experimental feature, it may change in any upcoming release in a breaking way. | [optional] 
**replica_external_label_name** | **str** | Name of Prometheus external label used to denote replica name. Defaults to the value of &#x60;prometheus_replica&#x60;. External label will _not_ be added when value is set to empty string (&#x60;\&quot;\&quot;&#x60;). | [optional] 
**replicas** | **int** | Number of replicas of each shard to deploy for a Prometheus deployment. Number of replicas multiplied by shards is the total number of Pods created. | [optional] 
**resources** | [**ComCoreosMonitoringV1AlertmanagerSpecResources1**](ComCoreosMonitoringV1AlertmanagerSpecResources1.md) |  | [optional] 
**retention** | **str** | Time duration Prometheus shall retain data for. Default is &#39;24h&#39;, and must match the regular expression &#x60;[0-9]+(ms|s|m|h|d|w|y)&#x60; (milliseconds seconds minutes hours days weeks years). | [optional] 
**retention_size** | **str** | Maximum amount of disk space used by blocks. Supported units: B, KB, MB, GB, TB, PB, EB. Ex: &#x60;512MB&#x60;. | [optional] 
**route_prefix** | **str** | The route prefix Prometheus registers HTTP handlers for. This is useful, if using ExternalURL and a proxy is rewriting HTTP routes of a request, and the actual ExternalURL is still true, but the server serves requests under a different route prefix. For example for use with &#x60;kubectl proxy&#x60;. | [optional] 
**rule_namespace_selector** | [**ComCoreosMonitoringV1PrometheusSpecRuleNamespaceSelector**](ComCoreosMonitoringV1PrometheusSpecRuleNamespaceSelector.md) |  | [optional] 
**rule_selector** | [**ComCoreosMonitoringV1PrometheusSpecRuleSelector**](ComCoreosMonitoringV1PrometheusSpecRuleSelector.md) |  | [optional] 
**rules** | [**ComCoreosMonitoringV1PrometheusSpecRules**](ComCoreosMonitoringV1PrometheusSpecRules.md) |  | [optional] 
**scrape_interval** | **str** | Interval between consecutive scrapes. Default: &#x60;1m&#x60; | [optional] 
**scrape_timeout** | **str** | Number of seconds to wait for target to respond before erroring. | [optional] 
**secrets** | **list[str]** | Secrets is a list of Secrets in the same namespace as the Prometheus object, which shall be mounted into the Prometheus Pods. The Secrets are mounted into /etc/prometheus/secrets/&lt;secret-name&gt;. | [optional] 
**security_context** | [**ComCoreosMonitoringV1AlertmanagerSpecSecurityContext1**](ComCoreosMonitoringV1AlertmanagerSpecSecurityContext1.md) |  | [optional] 
**service_account_name** | **str** | ServiceAccountName is the name of the ServiceAccount to use to run the Prometheus Pods. | [optional] 
**service_monitor_namespace_selector** | [**ComCoreosMonitoringV1PrometheusSpecServiceMonitorNamespaceSelector**](ComCoreosMonitoringV1PrometheusSpecServiceMonitorNamespaceSelector.md) |  | [optional] 
**service_monitor_selector** | [**ComCoreosMonitoringV1PrometheusSpecServiceMonitorSelector**](ComCoreosMonitoringV1PrometheusSpecServiceMonitorSelector.md) |  | [optional] 
**sha** | **str** | SHA of Prometheus container image to be deployed. Defaults to the value of &#x60;version&#x60;. Similar to a tag, but the SHA explicitly deploys an immutable container image. Version and Tag are ignored if SHA is set. Deprecated: use &#39;image&#39; instead.  The image digest can be specified as part of the image URL. | [optional] 
**shards** | **int** | EXPERIMENTAL: Number of shards to distribute targets onto. Number of replicas multiplied by shards is the total number of Pods created. Note that scaling down shards will not reshard data onto remaining instances, it must be manually moved. Increasing shards will not reshard data either but it will continue to be available from the same instances. To query globally use Thanos sidecar and Thanos querier or remote write data to a central location. Sharding is done on the content of the &#x60;__address__&#x60; target meta-label. | [optional] 
**storage** | [**ComCoreosMonitoringV1PrometheusSpecStorage**](ComCoreosMonitoringV1PrometheusSpecStorage.md) |  | [optional] 
**tag** | **str** | Tag of Prometheus container image to be deployed. Defaults to the value of &#x60;version&#x60;. Version is ignored if Tag is set. Deprecated: use &#39;image&#39; instead.  The image tag can be specified as part of the image URL. | [optional] 
**thanos** | [**ComCoreosMonitoringV1PrometheusSpecThanos**](ComCoreosMonitoringV1PrometheusSpecThanos.md) |  | [optional] 
**tolerations** | [**list[ComCoreosMonitoringV1AlertmanagerSpecTolerations]**](ComCoreosMonitoringV1AlertmanagerSpecTolerations.md) | If specified, the pod&#39;s tolerations. | [optional] 
**topology_spread_constraints** | [**list[ComCoreosMonitoringV1AlertmanagerSpecTopologySpreadConstraints]**](ComCoreosMonitoringV1AlertmanagerSpecTopologySpreadConstraints.md) | If specified, the pod&#39;s topology spread constraints. | [optional] 
**version** | **str** | Version of Prometheus to be deployed. | [optional] 
**volume_mounts** | [**list[ComCoreosMonitoringV1AlertmanagerSpecVolumeMounts]**](ComCoreosMonitoringV1AlertmanagerSpecVolumeMounts.md) | VolumeMounts allows configuration of additional VolumeMounts on the output StatefulSet definition. VolumeMounts specified will be appended to other VolumeMounts in the prometheus container, that are generated as a result of StorageSpec objects. | [optional] 
**volumes** | [**list[ComCoreosMonitoringV1AlertmanagerSpecVolumes]**](ComCoreosMonitoringV1AlertmanagerSpecVolumes.md) | Volumes allows configuration of additional volumes on the output StatefulSet definition. Volumes specified will be appended to other volumes that are generated as a result of StorageSpec objects. | [optional] 
**wal_compression** | **bool** | Enable compression of the write-ahead log using Snappy. This flag is only available in versions of Prometheus &gt;&#x3D; 2.11.0. | [optional] 
**web** | [**ComCoreosMonitoringV1PrometheusSpecWeb**](ComCoreosMonitoringV1PrometheusSpecWeb.md) |  | [optional] 

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


