# IoXK8sClusterV1alpha3MachineDeploymentSpecTemplateMetadata

Standard object's metadata. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata
## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**annotations** | **dict(str, str)** | Annotations is an unstructured key value map stored with a resource that may be set by external tools to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata. They are not queryable and should be preserved when modifying objects. More info: http://kubernetes.io/docs/user-guide/annotations | [optional] 
**generate_name** | **str** | GenerateName is an optional prefix, used by the server, to generate a unique name ONLY IF the Name field has not been provided. If this field is used, the name returned to the kubernetes.client will be different than the name passed. This value will also be combined with a unique suffix. The provided value has the same validation rules as the Name field, and may be truncated by the length of the suffix required to make the value unique on the server.   If this field is specified and the generated name exists, the server will NOT return a 409 - instead, it will either return 201 Created or 500 with Reason ServerTimeout indicating a unique name could not be found in the time allotted, and the kubernetes.client should retry (optionally after the time indicated in the Retry-After header).   Applied only if Name is not specified. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#idempotency   Deprecated: This field has no function and is going to be removed in a next release. | [optional] 
**labels** | **dict(str, str)** | Map of string keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize (scope and select) objects. May match selectors of replication controllers and services. More info: http://kubernetes.io/docs/user-guide/labels | [optional] 
**name** | **str** | Name must be unique within a namespace. Is required when creating resources, although some resources may allow a kubernetes.client to request the generation of an appropriate name automatically. Name is primarily intended for creation idempotence and configuration definition. Cannot be updated. More info: http://kubernetes.io/docs/user-guide/identifiers#names   Deprecated: This field has no function and is going to be removed in a next release. | [optional] 
**namespace** | **str** | Namespace defines the space within each name must be unique. An empty namespace is equivalent to the \&quot;default\&quot; namespace, but \&quot;default\&quot; is the canonical representation. Not all objects are required to be scoped to a namespace - the value of this field for those objects will be empty.   Must be a DNS_LABEL. Cannot be updated. More info: http://kubernetes.io/docs/user-guide/namespaces   Deprecated: This field has no function and is going to be removed in a next release. | [optional] 
**owner_references** | [**list[IoXK8sClusterV1alpha3MachineDeploymentSpecTemplateMetadataOwnerReferences]**](IoXK8sClusterV1alpha3MachineDeploymentSpecTemplateMetadataOwnerReferences.md) | List of objects depended by this object. If ALL objects in the list have been deleted, this object will be garbage collected. If this object is managed by a controller, then an entry in this list will point to this controller, with the controller field set to true. There cannot be more than one managing controller.   Deprecated: This field has no function and is going to be removed in a next release. | [optional] 

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


