# V1VolumeSnapshotStatus

status represents the current information of a snapshot. Consumers must verify binding between VolumeSnapshot and VolumeSnapshotContent objects is successful (by validating that both VolumeSnapshot and VolumeSnapshotContent point at each other) before using this object.
## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**bound_volume_snapshot_content_name** | **str** | boundVolumeSnapshotContentName is the name of the VolumeSnapshotContent object to which this VolumeSnapshot object intends to bind to. If not specified, it indicates that the VolumeSnapshot object has not been successfully bound to a VolumeSnapshotContent object yet. NOTE: To avoid possible security issues, consumers must verify binding between VolumeSnapshot and VolumeSnapshotContent objects is successful (by validating that both VolumeSnapshot and VolumeSnapshotContent point at each other) before using this object. | [optional] 
**creation_time** | **datetime** | creationTime is the timestamp when the point-in-time snapshot is taken by the underlying storage system. In dynamic snapshot creation case, this field will be filled in by the snapshot controller with the \&quot;creation_time\&quot; value returned from CSI \&quot;CreateSnapshot\&quot; gRPC call. For a pre-existing snapshot, this field will be filled with the \&quot;creation_time\&quot; value returned from the CSI \&quot;ListSnapshots\&quot; gRPC call if the driver supports it. If not specified, it may indicate that the creation time of the snapshot is unknown. | [optional] 
**error** | [**V1VolumeSnapshotStatusError**](V1VolumeSnapshotStatusError.md) |  | [optional] 
**ready_to_use** | **bool** | readyToUse indicates if the snapshot is ready to be used to restore a volume. In dynamic snapshot creation case, this field will be filled in by the snapshot controller with the \&quot;ready_to_use\&quot; value returned from CSI \&quot;CreateSnapshot\&quot; gRPC call. For a pre-existing snapshot, this field will be filled with the \&quot;ready_to_use\&quot; value returned from the CSI \&quot;ListSnapshots\&quot; gRPC call if the driver supports it, otherwise, this field will be set to \&quot;True\&quot;. If not specified, it means the readiness of a snapshot is unknown. | [optional] 
**restore_size** | **str** | restoreSize represents the minimum size of volume required to create a volume from this snapshot. In dynamic snapshot creation case, this field will be filled in by the snapshot controller with the \&quot;size_bytes\&quot; value returned from CSI \&quot;CreateSnapshot\&quot; gRPC call. For a pre-existing snapshot, this field will be filled with the \&quot;size_bytes\&quot; value returned from the CSI \&quot;ListSnapshots\&quot; gRPC call if the driver supports it. When restoring a volume from this snapshot, the size of the volume MUST NOT be smaller than the restoreSize if it is specified, otherwise the restoration will fail. If not specified, it indicates that the size is unknown. | [optional] 

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


